lumiere handsome that's not an answer
from Nokia that's actually ours three
with our fancy little lower on the back
I would like to show you is a little
comparison between the new flagship
phone from nokia that's the Lumia 920
and es 3 over here well this one sports
a 4.5 inch display this one came with a
four-point eight inch display sports a
crackpot processor this one has a dual
core processor don't care about each
course almost the same purse was a based
on what is in nine well no actually the
s4 so very well comes version of the
cortex a15 but what I would like to show
you is in terms of the size you can tell
it's almost the same here and also in
terms of the display resolution they are
almost a sin even though they're calling
this an HD Plus this way that means 1280
by 768 well this one has 1280 by 720
as far as I know on the back we both
devices sporting an 8 megapixel camera
but this one comes with the PureView
technology and of course with the cults
Iseman and what we would like to show
you is that the image quality is quite
different when we take me look at the
Lumiere one so we have some pictures
here that were taken with the new Lumia
920 and a comparison picture of the
samsung galaxy s3 that's the wrong with
the Lumia 920 and a second and here
comes the one with the galaxy s3 off
work with all flesh here's the Lumia 920
again
that's the s3 without flash and that's
the s3 with flash let's go to back again
so we can see a different
there you go and I think that's what
PureView technology is all about we know
how superior this is compared to other
cameras and phones but especially when
you compare this to the flagship phone
from samsung with definitely great
camera preparing this to the q of you
but still a huge difference that's a
samsung galaxy s3 and that's the new
Nokia Lumia